---
title: Slides
slide: '<!-- .slide: data-visibility="hidden"-->'
---

<!-- .slide: data-state="layout-title" class="bg-dark"-->

# Slides

<div class="slide-link"><a href="https://go.raybo.org/github_copilot"><i class="fab fa-slideshare"></i> go.raybo.org/github_copilot</a></div>

> >


You can find all of the slides for this course at raybo.org/slides_githubcopilot which is the page you're looking at.

At the bottom of the screen, there is a toolbar, which you can show or hide by hitting the t key. There are some links to my courses, my blog and some other contact information.

You can hit the M key to see the menu and then pick one of the videos for the course. If you want to watch the slides for the third video in the first chapter, then you'd pick this slideshow from the list.

---

You can find all the code for this project at github at this URL. All of the code for this video is stored in Branches. Each branch shows how the code looked at a specific point in the course.

For example if you want to look at how the code looked at the beginning of the second chapter and the third video, you can go to 02_03b.

02_03e would have the code at the end of this video.

You can open up this code in CodeSpaces by going to the code button and clicking on the codespaces tab and opening it up from there, or you can clone it to your local hard drive by going to the local tab and cloning this URL.

Because this course contains environment varialbes, you'll probably want to clone the repo locally. I show you how to do that in the course.