---
title: Setting Up
slide: '<!-- .slide: data-visibility="hidden"-->'
---

<!-- .slide: data-state="layout-title" class="bg-dark"-->

# Setting Up

> >

Our application is going to be pretty simple, a web application that uses PaLM with a modern interface library like React needs a lot of pieces.

> >

Let's go back to the makersuite and on the homepage, look for the create API Key. The API key is like a long password that lets you connect to Google Cloud Services and use the LLM.

Let's create an API key for our new project, you can see that I already created one earlier as I was testing out my project.

DO NOT share your API key with anyone, others can use the same key and create projects on your account where they'd be able to freely take up your Google Cloud resources.

Once you get the key, you're going to want to copy it to a safe place like a secure notes place. You can also come back here and get the key from Google Again.

Let's test out our key. Google provides a way to do this using CURL. You'll need a terminal application to do this like the MacOS or Windows terminal. curl is a linux command, so you can copy this code. 

Paste the code and replace the YOUR_API_TEXT key with your own key.

Now, let's take a look at what we get back from PaLM.

We get a JSON object, with a candidate array of responses. Each response has an output as well as an array of safetyRatings that you can read.

It might not be obvious, but PaLM can use markdown to generate content.

Let's change the instructions and make that more explicit. 

Write an article with a headline and three sections about a magic backpack in markdown format

Take some time to play around with different questions so you can see what you get back from PaLM.