---
title: PaLM 2 Playgrounds
slide: '<!-- .slide: data-visibility="hidden"-->'
---

<!-- .slide: data-state="layout-title" class="bg-dark"-->

# PaLM 2 Playgrounds

> >

Once you get access to MakerSuite, you'll be able to experiment with the models and get an idea of what you can do.

---

# Trying out PaLM 2

- [MakerSuite Site](https://makersuite.google.com/)
- Playground
- Documentation
- API Generator

> >

Once you're notified that you have access, go to the makersuite site. You should be able to see a page that looks like this.

There's a link to the documentation, which we'll explore later

As well as a choice of playgrounds where you can test how PaLM 2 works. Let's take a look at the text prompt, which is the application that we'll be building later.

This is sort of like Bard, but with a much simpler interface. There are some sample prompts at the top you can just click on, or try typing a question yourself.

You can see that there is also a prompt library with tons of examples of how PaLM will handle different requests.

Let's go to the Chat Prompt and see what it's like. I'm going to ask it to tell me about Panama, where I was born.

If you look at the bottom of the screen, you can see that there are some options to control how the model takes care of things.

Where it says Text Bison, there are a list of variables that will help control the model and how it works. When you create an App, you'll be able to set these up and modify them.

For right now, we can only use the model called Bison, but Google has plans to offer other models. You'll be able to specify models with names like Unicorn, Bison, Otter and Gecko. Unicorn is the biggest and Gecko is the smallest. 

A small model might be good for smaller devices, but might not be as accurate.

There are also a set of variables that you can set like the temperaturs, which controls the creativity or predictability of the model. A setting of 0 would create more predictable responses. A setting of 1 would generate more creative responses.

You also have the options of setting up different safety parameters to limit controversial or toxic results.

These variables are also available to you when you create an application.

Before we get going, take some time to play with the Prototyping tools on this page and familiarize yourself with what's available.